Added docs to integration-diff (#1288)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/integration_diff/README.md

## integration-diff
Check the differences between two versions of an integration and return a report of missing and changed elements in the new version.

### Use-Cases
This command is used to identify missing or modified details in a new integration version. This is useful when
developing a new version of an integration, and you want to make sure that all old integration version commands/arguments/outputs

> are exist in the new version. Running this command will give you a detailed report about the all missing or changed commands/arguments/outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exist in the new version. Running this command will give you a detailed report about all the missing or changed commands/arguments/outputs.
```

### Arguments
* **-n, --new**

    The path to the new integration yml file.

* **-o**, **--old**

    The path to the old integration yml file.

### Examples
`demisto-sdk integration-diff -n Packs/MyPack/Integrations/MyIntegration_v2/MyIntegration_v2.yml -o Packs/MyPack/Integrations/MyIntegration/MyIntegration.yml`

> This will return you a report of the all missing commands/arguments/outputs in the new integration version, and 'The integrations are backwards compatible' if no missing details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return you a report of all the missing commands/arguments/outputs in the new integration version, and 'The integrations are backward compatible' if no missing details were found.
```
